Summary/Story Beats

Setting is a far in the future dystopic technological advanced society.
The human collective consciousness and general experience is so far removed
from a natural human existence that even that the normal human impulses like
of fear of death and empathy to others towards is a completely forien
concept (think like you are walking in a crowd and a building explodes are you
notice that no one around you cares at all and don't even seem to notice enough to
make you question if it actually happened). The DNA (Deep Nature Alliance) is the name of the  
military arm of a militaristic authoritarian society (a junta nation) with far reaching 
control and power over the cosmos. In which the main player is an (newly appointed) officer of the J8-027th
division. In a routine felid test of a new advanced weapon of mass destruction was recently carried out 
where the full capabilities of the weapon is carried out with a great success. Everything went well and the 
weapons performance exceeded expectations compared to all previous routine tests. The DNA higher 
ups are very proud of this new extremely positive step in technological advancement. 
The good news is spread across the cosmos and regions under DNA control to the great rejoice 
of the people. It marks the start of a new prosperous era for the nation. The routine felid test was tested in
the S9-6T sector under DNA control. Your main player has a childhood friend that lives
near the sector. The player made a promise to them that once they reached a high enough rank
and finally gets permission to travel to other sectors they would meet back with this friend.
With plans to escape together to a better life to the less restricted areas of the nation
in which only higher up officials have access. The player has not received their 
regular transmission from this friend and has an off feeling about the situation. 
Enough to break rank and protocol to check out the sector to find their friend. 

* Player ship scene is entered...

When the player arrives the jump trusters are limited on their ship and he gets a 
transmission from his superior to leave the sector which adds to the players suspicion.

* Player gains control...

The players first stop is what was originally a gas giant but now curiously
a forest planet. He is unfamiliar with the sector though chalks this up to
just that being incorrect of the planet features. Upon visiting the planet He finds out that there was 
inhabitants here and they were escaping some sort of attack and were suffering 
some sort of sickness described as MK-DECAY. And that something significant 
(not specifically described) has happened to the "inner planets" Other than that there 
are no signs of life. He gains a usb through that is able to hack is ships system to give them 
the jump thrusters back.

* They travel to the desert planet which originally was an violent ocean planet which is now a 
vast desert.

They find out about a successful resistance in the sector, that was totally hidden from the DNA
in which more freedom was afforded to the sector than allowed. The player finds out about an event
labeled an attack it is clear the weapon was tested in this universe there is some hope of survivors 
as the resistance was able to create some sort of shield meant to protect the main city planet 
XEON from the blast. The player is pretty confident that his friend does not live in this city
but checks out the situation anyway. Discovers that the weapon scrambles the atomic make up of 
anything in the blast and is more of a science experiment than anything else. It uses a compound
called HO4QX2 to preform this effect. 
The player gets jet boosters here which enables them to dash.

* travel to moon planet

XEON is completely fucked up beyond human recognition and comprehension. 
finds out the death of his friend and his final message directed
to the player. It is sort of manic but calls out the woes of a uncaring unnatural society
the poetic relationship between a dna scrambling weapon that how to represents this
total collapse of what is actual natural for a human to experience. It is theorized that the chemical
does not remove human consciousness but may actually transfer it. This is not glorified at all
infact it is seen as very unnatural.

By the letter the player finds a pill called HO4QX2 Compound. The player is given an
option to take the pill. Why not in an uncaring world. 

If the player does not take it the pill is pocketed and gets a message from his superior
congratulating him on a great success and he will make a great capitan some day 
he is the bright shining star of the new generation! It is also said to the player 
that he will be unable to leave the sector for sometime due to his broken FTL drive
and will have to wait for a pick up crew to arrive which should take only a day or two. 
The player is told just to relax and enjoy the scenery with an excited chuckle.

If the player takes the pill the game complete screen is shown and the credits roll.
Before the game complete the player describes what it means to become a mountain uncaring
about the unnatural and completely in sync with the trees, nature and ecosystem. Fade to static 
and credit roll.
